Add a deprecation message into README (#120)
Codin-Nerds/HotWired-Bot: README.md

This bot is a Heavy Coded Yet lightWeight, reliable, smooth, automatic worker
that does everything you need. It's a One stop Shop for everything.

## Deprecation

> This bot is now deprecated and it's no longer supported, we're replacing it with new [`Neutor-Bot`](https://github.com/Codin-Nerds/Neutron-Bot). This repository will remain public and open until we get out of early development stage of Neutron Bot, at which point this repository will be archived.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bot is now deprecated and it's no longer supported by us, we're replacing it with new [`Neutron-Bot`](https://github.com/Codin-Nerds/Neutron-Bot). This repository will remain public and open until we get out of early development stage of Neutron Bot, at which point this repository will be archived.
```
